[Autogenerated] seen step functions can be used for many different cases.
The ways we trigger them also have to be flexible when it comes to triggering.
We have a couple of different ways off doing it.
We can use the A B i k qui.
It'll trigger our work clothes.
80 I gateways can directly integrate with Amazon step functions,
which then can be used to easily trigger them from any
applications that we might have.
We also can use Amazon cloudwatch events using cloudwatch events.
We have the ability to trigger work clothes in respond to any event,
and finally,
we have the option to trigger the work clothes programmatically we can use.
The Amazon is decay and the programming language off our choice toe
programmatically trigger the step function workflow,
thes could be alarmed.
A function or called that runs in your own infrastructure for this demo
were going to trigger the workflow using the FBI gateway.
First,
we need to create a new FBI once in the FBI gateway console that's
greet the new FBI using the create FBI bottom.
We are going to build arrest FBI.
So let's choose rest and click build.
Let's give it a descriptive name and create a B I A s a p I is created.
We need to add a matter.
We can do that using the create method option on the actions
bottom for the method type we can use,
get or boast Post is a more appropriate method for this kind of operation.
Since we are triggering something and not asking for data,
once we create our end point,
we get to set up the service integration for our method.
In the integration time, we need to choose A W S service.
Once we do that, we get the option to select a region and the service.
My region is US East one or North Virginia And for the AWS service,
we're going to need to choose step functions.
Next.
We need to select an A C.
To be matter, for our case is going to be posed.
The last remaining options are action and execution role for action.
We need to specify the value start execution.
We can find a list of factions.
Well,
the Amazon step functions recommendation page start
execution will trigger a new workflow execution,
which is what we want in our case.
The start execution method expects an import,
a name and a state machine for its payload.
And finally, for the execution roll, we need to create a new role,
which has access to AWS step functions.
Let's not forget to the access management console and create a neuro
in the roll section it to create roll bottom for the transit entity
type we're going to choose AWS service on on the list of service is we
need to choose a B I gateway.
We do not need to change anything on the permissions page,
and next we can add a tug if you want.
But in our case, we don't need to.
And finally, let's give you the name and the description.
Now that we have given it a name and a description, let's create our role.
Once you're old has been created, that's open it,
and at that,
some permissions to eat this role needs to be able to
execute state machines to keep things simple.
Let's give it full access to AWS step functions.
Now that our world has appropriate permissions,
let's call payroll air and and go to a P I gateway set up in the execution roll.
Let's beat the newly created roll Aaron.
And finally, let's save our E p I baby,
I Gateway has built in testing support that we can
use to test our FBI integration.
Clicking on the test, Barton will bring up the test.
You Why in the request body,
we need to provide the following options A name for the execution.
These will show up in the execution is sorry for better tracking.
Then we need to specify the state machine.
Aaron, these should point the workflow that we want to execute.
In this case, these points to the workflow be created in the previous clips.
And finally, we need to pass an import.
The import is a string property.
So before we can pass our Jason, we need to string.
If I for this demo,
we're going to pass the same input as we did when we tested our report.
Generation workflow.
Now let's test it by clicking the desk bottom.
If the request was successful in the response body,
we should see the execution Aaron and start date for the execution.
Now,
let's not forget where step functions workflow and check if the execution
was successful and if we look at the execution history.
We have an execution with the name we gave a P I gateway
execution one which was successful.
And if we open the workflow and check its import is a
simple that we passed through the FBI Gateway using FBI
Gateway to trigger our work clothes.
This has a lot of flexibility where we could use our existing
infrastructure to integrate it with our new one.
Without writing any called, we'll dive into other step function options in the cliffs to come.